Open source cpe_onepassword cookbook (#77)
Gusto/it-cpe-opensource: chef/cookbooks/cpe_onepassword/README.md

cpe_onepassword Cookbook
========================

> Manage 1Password's JSON config using the CPE attributes API pattern on macOS and Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage 1Password 8's JSON config using the CPE attributes API pattern on macOS and Windows.
```

Reviewer: I might be wrong, but I thought settings.json didn't exist on 7 and older.

Author: https://github.com/Gusto/it-cpe-opensource/pull/77/commits/bb9a53a6a023fac87c4600691bfffd019f35a728
